feat(etl): implement etl domain (#154)
Winzana/sherl-sdk-js: docs/docs/etl.md

---
id: etl
title: ETL
---

> The ETL domain allows you to extract, transform and load data from pre-saved configurations or a one-shot model.
> A model is represented by a json file containing all the configurations linked to the 3 actions (extract, transform, load).
> 
> Here you will find 3 functions that will allow you to interact with the ETL.

Reviewer: Je te propose de rendre la doc plus "froid", sans le "you", après je te laisse voir :) 

```suggestion
Extract, Transform and Load from pre-saved configuration or by using customized model.
A model is represented by a json file containing all the configurations linked to the 3 actions (extract, transform, load).

ETL domain provides 3 functions to interact with the ETL.
```

## Save config

<span class="badge badge--warning">Require authentication</span>

```ts
await etl(client).saveConfig(config: IEtlSaveConfigInputDto);
```

```ts
interface IEtlSaveConfigInputDto {
  source: ISourceModel;
  destination: IDestinationModel;
  schemas: ISchemaModel;
  filters: IFilterModel;
}
```

- [ISourceModel](etl-types#isourcemodel)(`source`)
- [IDestinationModel](etl-types#idestinationmodel)(`destination`)
- [ISchemaModel](etl-types#ischemamodel)(`schemas`)
- [IFilterModel](etl-types#ifiltermodel)(`filters`)

This call returns an [IConfigModel](etl-types#iconfigmodel) object.

## Extract transform load

This action launch an asynchrone task on ETL with config.

> The configuration will not be saved.

Reviewer: Je sais pas si on ne peut pas mettre un 'attention' ici, pour prévenir que la configuration n'est pas sauvée.
